c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\mifosxcall.dll.config
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\mifosxcall.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\mifosxcall.pdb
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\WebForms_Basic.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\mifosxcall.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\mifosxcall.Resources.resources
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\mifosxcall.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\mifosxcall.dll
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\WebForms_Basic.xml
c:\users\hussein.herchi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mifosxcall\mifosxcall\obj\Debug\mifosxcall.pdb
